1200. Would you consider dating someone who is already involved in an open or polyamorous relationship?
Yes.
No.

1201. Would you consider being part of a committed polyamorous relationship (i.e., three or more people but no sex outside the group)?
Yes, I like that type of polygamy.
I could be convinced by the right people
I am commited to total monogamy
I have open relationships only

1202. How important is it to you to have your own unique thing (like a weekly girls' night or guys' night) that you don't share with your partner?
Very - I need some me time to be happy
Sort of - I need friends outside of my partner
Not much - I like sharing stuff with my partner
I'd prefer not to have exclusive things

1203. Your significant other is traveling and has the opportunity to stay with a good friend that you know they find to be very attractive.  What's your stance on the situation?
It would be totally unacceptable.
It might be ok, but I'd want to discuss it first.
It's fine - I don't see any problem.
It sounds sexy - Hopefully they'll hook up.

1204. Would you leave an otherwise perfect relationship if you found out your partner was interested in children sexually?
Yes
No
I'm Not Sure

1205. Might you consider dating someone who confided to you that he/she had a sexually transmitted disease?
Yes
No

1206. Which best represents your opinion of same-sex relationships?
Girl-on-girl is okay, but guy-on-guy is wrong.
Guy-on-guy is okay, but girl-on-girl is wrong.
All same-sex relationships are wrong.
It's all fine by me.

1207. If you had to choose one for the rest of your life, which would you pick?
Monogamy
An open relationship
Polyamory
Playing the field

1208. Do you consider yourself to be an honorable person?
Yes, I always try to do the right thing.
Sometimes, it depends on the situation.
No, not really.
Are you kidding? I lie, cheat , AND steal.

1209. Do you and your ideal significant other enjoy making sarcastic jokes at each other's expense, knowing that it's all in good fun?
Yes! That's a personality trait we have to share.
Sometimes, but not too much.
No, sarcasm doesn't belong in a love relationship.
I can't dish it out, but I'd take it, I guess.

1210. If you were in a serious relationship, would you mind if your significant other maintained an active profile on OkCupid?
Yes - I would mind this.
No - This would not bother me.

1211. Would you be comfortable marrying a bisexual person
Yes
No
I'm Not Sure

1212. Do you ever feel the need to get really drunk?
Often
Sometimes
Rarely
Never

1213. Would you terminate a pregnancy if the baby was going to be mentally disabled?
Yes
No
It depends on the severity

1214. Is it wrong to cultivate or manufacture illegal drugs?
Yes, always
No, never
Sometimes

1215. Does violence ever solve anything?
Yes, everything
No, violence solves nothing
Most of the time
Almost never, but sometimes

1216. Imagine that your partner does not enjoy performing oral sex and refuses to ever perform it on you. How disappointed would you be?
Extremely disappointed.
Somewhat disappointed.
Slightly disappointed.
Not at all disappointed.

1217. Would you ideally like to be married within the next 3 years?
Yes
No
Possibly
I'm already married

1218. Which body type do you prefer?
Slim
Average
Fuller figured
I don't care

1219. How important is it to you that a potential partner continues to educate himself/herself as an adult?
Very important.
Somewhat important.
Not at all important.
Actually, this would be a turn-off.

1220. If you had a one-night stand DURING a relationship, would you confess to your mate?
Yes
No

1221. Would you ever consider having a friendship based primarily on sex, with no intentions for love, romance, or long-term commitment?
Yes.
No.

1222. In an ideal world, who would get the highest priority in your life?
My parents.
My children.
My significant other.
Myself.

1223. Do you believe that the global flood (Noah's ark) actually happened?
Yes.
No.

1224. In terms of relationships, which of these is it the most important to find?
Someone for whom you would do anything.
Someone who turns you on.
Someone you feel like you've known forever.
Someone with goals similar to yours.

1225. If you were in a committed long-term relationship and met someone you feel an even stronger attraction to, which would you do?
Continue current relationship, ignore attraction.
Explore both relationships simultaneously.
End the old relationship and pursue the new one.

1226. Would you consider having a relationship with someone who is married, but no longer has sex with their spouse?
Yes.
No.

